Adding GH Classroom to the template before we share with teachers (#31)
education/codespaces-teaching-template-py: README.md

# Python Codespace Template

* **Who is this for?** _Educators of all levels_. 
* **How much experience do students need?** _Zero_. This template is built with basic elements complete with comments so it can be used in beginner to advanced lessons.

> * **Prerequisites:** _None_. This template will provide a working and deployable web app you can immediately extend for your needs.

Reviewer: This repository doesn't have a web application. 
```suggestion
* **Prerequisites:** _None_. This template will provide a working Jupyter Notebook with Pandas using a dataset so that you can immediately start analyzing data.
```
